worksheets/project_planning.md, before:

# Project Planning

This document helps you identify the smaller tasks and helps you create a rough schedule for you and your partner to follow

## Tasks

> You can break these tasks into even smaller units or even combine some into bigger units if you think some tasks are trivial enough.

> You can follow this template for the advance feature. You can plan it right at the start or you can plan it abit later.

> This is just a template, you just need to state **WHO** will do **WHAT** and **WHEN**.
## Estimate Schedule  

**For Block 1 (Week 1-6)**

### Member 1 - Chuan Hao

|Week    |Level|Component                                        |Feature                                                                                                                 |Task                                                                                                                                              |Remarks                                                                                                         |
|--------|-----|-------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Week 1  |Basic|Backend, Database                                |Mainly Research                                                                                                         |Research on how to do unit testing, and planned for database schema.  Also planned out the flow of the backend and database                       |Alot of planning was also done here, for the project.    This included both technical and non-technical details.|
|Week 2  |Basic|Backend, database, documentation and admin matter|Figuring out the structure for: Database → Schema + models backend → API  Additionally started planning docs and github.|Figured out the database model and schema.  Did up the API endpoint schema and backend server structure.  Set up the Code style and github issues.|Was still mostly planning here, code  comes in the later weeks                                                  |
|Week 3  |Basic|Database                                         |Setting up the database                                                                                                 |Set up the database tables based on schema                                                                                                        |                                                                                                                |
|Week 3  |Basic|Database                                         |Database test and models                                                                                                |Created the database tests and backend models to insert and get data from the database.                                                           |                                                                                                                |
|Week 4  |Basic|Backend                                          |Get data for data viewer API                                                                                            |Implementation                                                                                                                                    |Made sure the API work as intended                                                                              |
|Week 4  |Basic|Backend                                          |Bulk Insert API                                                                                                         |Implementation                                                                                                                                    |Made sure the API work as intended                                                                              |
|Week 4  |Basic|Backend                                          |Get data for data viewer API                                                                                            |Unit Test                                                                                                                                         |Test to make sure intended behavior is achieved                                                                 |
|Week 4  |Basic|Backend                                          |Bulk Insert API                                                                                                         |Unit Test                                                                                                                                         |Test to make sure intended behavior is achieved                                                                 |
|Week 3-5|Basic|Documentation                                    |API, schema, statement, project planning, project worksheet, task                                                       |Added information to relevant documents throughout the weeks when we were done with the feature                                                   |                                                                                                                |
|Week 6  |Basic|Frontend, backend, database                      |Integration test                                                                                                        |Implementing integration test to make sure the experience and components work toogether.                                                          |After CA1 and CA2                                                                                               |

### Member 2 - Sherisse

|Week    |Level|Component                                        |Feature                                                                                                                 |Task                                                                                                                                              |Remarks                                                                                                         |
|--------|-----|-------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Week 1  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Unit testing                                                                                                            |Research unit testing libraries                                                                                                                   |Decided on Cypress                                                                                              |
|Week 1  |Basic|Documentation                                    |Wireframe                                                                                                               |Start on wireframe markdowns and justifications for both data viewer and result viewer                                                            |                                                                                                                |
|Week 2  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Result viewer                                                                                                           |Research and try out ChartJs as well as VueJS                                                                                                     |Dropped VueJS but using ChartJS for result viewer                                                               |
|Week 2  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Data viewer                                                                                                             |Work on the design of the data viewer webpage                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                |
|Week 3  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Data viewer                                                                                                             |Use mock data to test insert / edit functions                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                |
|Week 3  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Result viewer                                                                                                           |Work on the design of the result viewer webpage                                                                                                   |                                                                                                                |
|Week 3  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Unit testing                                                                                                            |Set up basic Cypress unit testing (i.e. navigation)                                                                                               |                                                                                                                |
|Week 4  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Data viewer                                                                                                             |Implement GET data API                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                |
|Week 4  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Unit testing                                                                                                            |Work on unit testing for GET data API                                                                                                             |                                                                                                                |
|Week 4  |Basic|Documentation                                    |Wireframe                                                                                                               |Updated wireframe according to new design                                                                                                         |                                                                                                                |
|Week 5  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Data viewer                                                                                                             |Accurate pagination view                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                |
|Week 5  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Unit testing                                                                                                            |Unit testing for rest of GET data API implementation                                                                                              |                                                                                                                |
|Week 6  |Basic|Frontend, Backend, Database                      |Integration test                                                                                                        |Implementing integration test to make sure the experience and components work toogether.                                                          |After CA1 and CA2                                                                                               |

### Tasks for Block 1  
1. Basic problem
   1. Frontend
      1. Data Viewer (Basic table)
         1. Wireframe
         2. Implementation
         3. Tests
         4. Integration
   2. Backend
      1. Insert API
         1. API schema/documentation
         2. Model Creation
         3. Model test
         4. API implemenation
         5. API Test
         6. Integration
   3. Database
      1. Database creation
         1. Database Schema
         2. Test
         3. Integration
      2. Database seed data
         1. Write data
         2. Test
         3. Integration 
      3. Integrate model test with API
         1. Test
         2. Integration

Commit message:

fixed previous project planning, block 1

worksheets/project_planning.md, after:

# Project Planning

This document contains the estimated planning of the fsp project for out team.

**How we split the semester of work:**
For Block 1 (Week 1-6)
For Block 2 (Week 8-18)

## Table of contents
- [Project Planning](#project-planning)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Block 1 (Week 1-6)](#block-1-week-1-6)
  - [Member 1 - Chuan Hao](#member-1---chuan-hao)
  - [Member 2 - Sherisse](#member-2---sherisse)
  - [Tasks for Block 1](#tasks-for-block-1)
- [Block 2 (Week 8-18)](#block-2-week-8-18)
  - [Both Chuan Hao and Sherisse tasks](#both-chuan-hao-and-sherisse-tasks)

# Block 1 (Week 1-6)
For the first term, this was mainly building towards CA1 and CA2.  

## Member 1 - Chuan Hao

|Week    |Level|Component                                        |Feature                                                                                                                 |Task                                                                                                                                              |Remarks                                                                                                         |
|--------|-----|-------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Week 1  |Basic|Backend, Database                                |Mainly Research                                                                                                         |Research on how to do unit testing, and planned for database schema.  Also planned out the flow of the backend and database                       |Alot of planning was also done here, for the project.    This included both technical and non-technical details.|
|Week 2  |Basic|Backend, database, documentation and admin matter|Figuring out the structure for: Database → Schema + models backend → API  Additionally started planning docs and github.|Figured out the database model and schema.  Did up the API endpoint schema and backend server structure.  Set up the Code style and github issues.|Was still mostly planning here, code  comes in the later weeks                                                  |
|Week 3  |Basic|Database                                         |Setting up the database                                                                                                 |Set up the database tables based on schema                                                                                                        |                                                                                                                |
|Week 3  |Basic|Database                                         |Database test and models                                                                                                |Created the database tests and backend models to insert and get data from the database.                                                           |                                                                                                                |
|Week 4  |Basic|Backend                                          |Get data for data viewer API                                                                                            |Implementation                                                                                                                                    |Made sure the API work as intended                                                                              |
|Week 4  |Basic|Backend                                          |Bulk Insert API                                                                                                         |Implementation                                                                                                                                    |Made sure the API work as intended                                                                              |
|Week 4  |Basic|Backend                                          |Get data for data viewer API                                                                                            |Unit Test                                                                                                                                         |Test to make sure intended behavior is achieved                                                                 |
|Week 4  |Basic|Backend                                          |Bulk Insert API                                                                                                         |Unit Test                                                                                                                                         |Test to make sure intended behavior is achieved                                                                 |
|Week 3-5|Basic|Documentation                                    |API, schema, statement, project planning, project worksheet, task                                                       |Added information to relevant documents throughout the weeks when we were done with the feature                                                   |                                                                                                                |
|Week 6  |Basic|Frontend, backend, database                      |Integration test                                                                                                        |Implementing integration test to make sure the experience and components work toogether.                                                          |After CA1 and CA2                                                                                               |

## Member 2 - Sherisse

|Week    |Level|Component                                        |Feature                                                                                                                 |Task                                                                                                                                              |Remarks                                                                                                         |
|--------|-----|-------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|Week 1  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Unit testing                                                                                                            |Research unit testing libraries                                                                                                                   |Decided on Cypress                                                                                              |
|Week 1  |Basic|Documentation                                    |Wireframe                                                                                                               |Start on wireframe markdowns and justifications for both data viewer and result viewer                                                            |                                                                                                                |
|Week 2  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Result viewer                                                                                                           |Research and try out ChartJs as well as VueJS                                                                                                     |Dropped VueJS but using ChartJS for result viewer                                                               |
|Week 2  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Data viewer                                                                                                             |Work on the design of the data viewer webpage                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                |
|Week 3  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Data viewer                                                                                                             |Use mock data to test insert / edit functions                                                                                                     |                                                                                                                |
|Week 3  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Result viewer                                                                                                           |Work on the design of the result viewer webpage                                                                                                   |                                                                                                                |
|Week 3  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Unit testing                                                                                                            |Set up basic Cypress unit testing (i.e. navigation)                                                                                               |                                                                                                                |
|Week 4  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Data viewer                                                                                                             |Implement GET data API                                                                                                                            |                                                                                                                |
|Week 4  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Unit testing                                                                                                            |Work on unit testing for GET data API                                                                                                             |                                                                                                                |
|Week 4  |Basic|Documentation                                    |Wireframe                                                                                                               |Updated wireframe according to new design                                                                                                         |                                                                                                                |
|Week 5  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Data viewer                                                                                                             |Accurate pagination view                                                                                                                          |                                                                                                                |
|Week 5  |Basic|Frontend                                         |Unit testing                                                                                                            |Unit testing for rest of GET data API implementation                                                                                              |                                                                                                                |
|Week 6  |Basic|Frontend, Backend, Database                      |Integration test                                                                                                        |Implementing integration test to make sure the experience and components work toogether.                                                          |After CA1 and CA2                                                                                               |

## Tasks for Block 1  
1. Basic problem
   1. Frontend
      1. Data Viewer (Basic table)
         1. Wireframe
         2. Implementation
         3. Tests
         4. Integration
   2. Backend
      1. Insert API
         1. API schema/documentation
         2. Model Creation
         3. Model test
         4. API implemenation
         5. API Test
         6. Integration
   3. Database
      1. Database creation
         1. Database Schema
         2. Test
         3. Integration
      2. Database seed data
         1. Write data
         2. Test
         3. Integration 
      3. Integrate model test with API
         1. Test
         2. Integration
